Why are you here, auntie?
Why did you just come?
I thought you didn't want me anymore.
How come?
Brother, isn't this coming?
The three-day period has not yet arrived.
Are you in such a hurry to die?
How dare you touch me?
What are you?
What am I afraid of?
Run, why don't you run?
Ah, no.
Help me! Help me!
Lu Fei, you are bold
Don't relax your hands
I knew you didn't have the heart to treat your illness with this money
Let him go
Never try to cure your daughter's illness
You have insurance, you can cure it.
If you really love finding relatives, you should let him go
Let him be cured
Go away, do you want to harm your blood relatives for the rest of your life?
You bad guys
Don't bully brother
Brother, I am afraid that blood relatives will protect you.
tray
Didn't you say I'm looking for death?
Come on, do it!
Useless nonsense
You kneel down now
Lao Tzu kowtow
Otherwise, I want to save your woman
It looks like you are a lost love
But I don't need to be alone
So go die